DOCS: Added git rm documentation (#3614)
Codecademy/docs: content/git/concepts/rm/rm.md

---

> Title: 'rm'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Title: 'Remove'
```

> Description: 'The git rm command is used to remove files or directories from a Git repository. When you delete a file using `git rm', Git records the removal, making it easier to track changes in your project's history.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'A command for removing files or directories from a Git repository. 
```

Subjects:
  - 'Bash/Shell'
  - 'Developer Tools'
Tags:
  - 'Git'
  - 'Version Control'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-the-command-line'
  - 'learn-git'
---

> 

Reviewer: The **`rm`** command is used to remove files or directories from a Git repository. When a file is deleted using `git rm', Git records the removal, making it easier to track changes in a project's history.

Reviewer: avoid the use of first and second person pronouns in docs (I you we)

## Deleting files

> To remove a file from Git, you have to remove it from your tracked files (from the staging area) and then commit. The git rm command accomplishes this task. It also removes the file from your working directory so that it's no longer an untracked file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To remove a file from Git, it has to be removed from tracked files (from the staging area) and then committed. The `git rm` command accomplishes this task. It also removes the file from the working directory so that it's no longer an untracked file.
```

### Deleting a file from the Working Directory

> If you delete a files from you working directory, it will appear int he "Changes not staged for commit" section of the `git status` output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If  a file is deleted from the working directory, it will appear in the "Changes not staged for commit" section of the `git status` output.
```

> ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
```

rm PROJECTS.md
git status
```

### Utilizing `git rm` for Staged File Removal

Running `git rm` stages the removal of the file, preparing it for the next commit.

> ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
```

git rm PROJECTS.md
git status
```

### Options

The `git rm` commands supports several options, including:

> - -f, --force: used to forcefully remove a file. Use with caution as it permanently deletes the file from the working directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `-f`, `--force`: Used to forcefully remove a file. Use with caution as it permanently deletes the file from the working directory.
```

Reviewer: update the other lines as above
